1. Write a shell script that takes a final year as input from the user and displays all the
leap years from the current year up to the final year.
2. Create a menu-driven shell script that provides the following functionalities:
a. Delete all lines containing a specific word from a specified file.
b. Count the occurrence of each word in a specified file.
c. Exit the script.
Set 2
1. Write a shell program to print all prime numbers up to a limit.
2. Develop a shell script that performs a menu-driven program to display:
- All ordinary files
- All directory files
- All special files
- All files readable by the owner, group, and others
- All files writable by the owner, group, and others
- All files executable by the owner, group, and others
Set 3
1. Write a shell script that calculates nCr using a function and takes the values of n and r
as command-line arguments.
2. Write a shell script that takes a file name and a range of line numbers as input and
prints the specified lines from the file. The range should be inclusive (both start and
end line numbers should be included).
Set 4
1. Write a shell script that takes two numbers and an arithmetic operation (+, -, *, /) as
command-line arguments. Implement the arithmetic operation based on the provided
operator using a case statement.
2. Create a shell script that takes a file name as input and deletes all lines that contain the
word "linux" from that file. The modified content should be saved back to the original
file.
Set 5
1. Create a menu-driven shell script that provides the following functionalities:
a. Check if a given number is a prime number.
b. Calculate the factorial of a given number.
c. Exit the script.
2. Write a shell script to check whether two files are same or not ,if same delete one.
Set 6
1. Create a menu-driven shell script that provides the following functionalities:
a. Display the lines of a specified file in reverse order.
b. List all files in a specified directory.
c. Exit the script.
2. Write shell script to test whether the given year is a leap year or not.
